apparently the rules don't apply to big
labor as you know President Barack Obama
pledged not to allow special interest to
work in his administration on issues
involving their former employer but now
in another payoff to his union allies he
is nominated kraig becker to serve on
the National Labor Relations Board in
doing so President Obama put a would-be
wolf in charge of the nation's heard of
workers and will allow him to invite the
rest of his pack over for a gigantic
force union dues feast sound extreme not
even close once you hear about mr.
Becker's extreme views first some
background as you may know the National
Labor Relations Board is a five-member
panel that interprets and administers
federal laws covering over ninety
percent of businesses and private sector
employees nationwide the National Labor
Relations Board enforces the monopoly
Union privilege enjoyed by union
officials what does that mean to
rank-and-file workers it means if they
become part of a bargaining unit whether
they support it or not they can no
longer go to their employer directly to
discuss their job salary or working
conditions they must accept the union as
their agent and to pour salt on that
wound in the 28 states that do not have
right-to-work laws those workers are not
only forced to give up their rights to
bargain individually they are also
forced to pay union dues and fees as a
condition of keeping their job with all
this on the line you can see how
important the National Labor Relations
Board is so it's disturbing that in
choosing yet another instance to pay
back Big Labor President Barack Obama
has nominated one of the biggest forced
unionism extremists around kraig becker
currently is the lawyer for both the
afl-cio and the SEIU of the unions but
Becker isn't just any lawyer he's much
more dangerous it's clear to me that
President Obama's nomination of a big
labor lawyer Becker is an extreme threat
to workers rights you see kraig becker
is so extreme that he believes the only
choice where her should have is which
union they should be forced to pay
fortunately mr. Becker has willingly
shared his thoughts here are a few
first President Obama's nominee Becker
does not even believe the secret ballot
certification elections are democratic
this is even more extreme in the current
Big Labor car check bill second he
believes that all workplaces should
automatically be unionized he believes
that your only choice during
certification election should be which
union will get the monopoly power over
workers and will deal with the employer
on your behalf third mr. Becker believes
that your employer should not have any
right to communicate with you regarding
your choice in mr. Becker's world your
employer wouldn't be allowed to talk
about union representation at all that
kind of communication is an unfair labor
practice in his mind essentially in
Becker's world non-union workers would
not be allowed he would force all
workers to choose a union or have one
chosen for them how might Becker deal
with cart check forced unionism here's a
hint Becker believes that unions need
the right for home visits further Becker
believes in mandatory arbitration to
impose contracts on workers and
employers in fact it's highly likely
that Becker had a hand in creating the
current Miss named force unionism bill
the employee Free Choice Act this
legislation certainly does not provide
employees with any free choice and has
previously discussed Becker's views on
the issue are quite perverse for example
Becker opined quote in current labor law
the idea of industrial democracy is a
fiction masking the inequalities that
subvert Labor's rights to representation
close quote Becker's views create the
impression the American workers are part
of some European feudal system Obama
nominee kraig becker believes that you
must be forced into a union which will
control your income and benefits he
believes that you should not be allowed
to discuss with your employer your most
suitable employment arrangement Becker
actually professes that it's more
democratic to force you to choose among
a handful of unions than it would be to
allow you the basic choice of whether
union representation is best at all
here's how he explains his position
quote just as US citizens cannot opt
against having a congressman workers
should not be able to choose against
having a union Becker clearly does not
understand the real world or
real world freedoms and he certainly
should not be allowed final say
regarding basic worker rights protect
your freedom protect your family's
freedom contact your senators and let
them know that kraig becker is unfit for
the National Labor Relations Board more
information is available on the
committee's website and rtw cor g you
can obtain the contact number for your
senators and download our kraig becker
alert from our site the becker alert
provides additional details and
supporting documentation and if you
haven't already please sign up for our
free newsletter and email alerts thank
you and I hope you'll continue to check
back for the next Obama administration
personnel alert
Oh